# ERP-System

Assignment – ERP system 
Technologies -  PHP, MySQL

 (Customer)
•	Customer registration using provided informations by html form and pass inputs using post method to php file and validate them and store in the database.
•	Customer list can be viewed by go to customer list tab and done through sql queries.
•	Frontend validations using required.
•	Backend validations contact no 10 digit validation, all feild required, names should be alphabetic letters.
 (Item)
•	Item registration using provided information by html form and pass inputs to php file using post method and store in mysql database and categories, sub categories are selected and quantity and unit price is entered.
•	Item list can be viewed by go to item list tab and done through sql queries.
•	Frontend validations using required.
•	Backend validations using all field required , quantity and unit price must be numbers.
 (Report)
•	Invoice report and Invoice item report is generated by giving start and end dates.
•	Item report is generated by selecting item report tab.
•	Information generation is done through sql queries by joining tables.

Set up project in local environment
•	Install Xampp server and MySQL or mysql in xampp server.
•	Clone the project and copy content into htdocs folder in Xampp server.
•	Import attached database into MySQL work bench or mysql in Xampp server.
•	Configure dbconn.php file according to your MySQL username, password and host. 
•	Start Apache server on Xampp and MySQL workbench or mysql on Xampp server.
•	On the web browser go to https://localhost/”your-project-folder”.
•	Navigation can be done by navigation bar and homepage buttons.
(If not working try changing ports)
